crilly.txt
I get a lot of questions sent to me, either via email or through Instagram, and there are always a few things that get asked more than anything else. For the past year or so, that question has been (roughly) "I'm completely new to skincare, where the hell do I start?" There are variations on this, but mostly the person sending the message seems to either have a very basic semi-routine (for example, they cleanse properly but don't do anything else at all) or they have listened to a million different people and taken it all in and have shelves filled with things they've bought and don't know why. A lot of these people have tried to follow features and articles on skincare but aren't really that bothered in finding out about it - they just want to know the absolute skincare basics so that they can tick that particular box and get on with their day. I have at least a dozen people in my life who fit this description - they know that they should be doing something about their skincare routine, which consists of lathering up some Imperial Leather soap and following that "cleanse" with some apricot hand lotion, (not made up, unfortunately!), they just don't want to spend any time getting to grips with it all. And they are put off by the acids and the vitamins and the layering and the tonics and the steps - oh my God the steps - and the price of all of this stuff. So this post is for them. I thought that I would write down the absolute basics when it comes to skincare and then in the future I can just direct people to this page. Because you truly don't need much, when it comes to buying products. Of course, if you're interested in skincare and enjoy adding things to your routine that are more potent and exciting and miracle-promising then that's great (I'm definitely in that camp!) but for the people who currently take off their makeup with a baby wipe and then use a bit of their boyfriend's aftershave balm as a moisturiser, here's what you need to do: You have to get off the makeup and dirt and grease and grime of the day, at the end of the day. It's non-negotiable and if you don't do that bit, it's almost not worth bothering with anything else. So cleanse properly, with formulas that effectively break down the foundation and sunscreen and city dust (or country filth!) and don't, unless you really have to, resort to quick-style cleansers that promise "one wipe and you're clean" type of thing. If it doesn't require water and (preferably) a wash cloth or flannel then it probably isn't going to do the trick, long-term. We all know what moisturiser is, but which one do we choose? Do we need more than one? I say yes, but only because for daytime I combine my moisturiser with my SPF - or, to put it more accurately, I choose an SPF that's moisturising - and I wouldn't ever sleep in sunscreen. So I have SPF for day and non-SPF for night. Still, pretty simple. For day I like a lightweight but hydrating cream with sunscreen, for night I like a cream that has long-lasting hydration but isn't greasy and is reasonably inert, in that it's not filled full of funky acids and so on, so that I can layer it on over my retinol at night. See below. So to recap, that's cleanse and then moisturise. Job done. Oh, sorry, were you expecting more? That's about it, if we are talking absolute, ground level, bargain basement beauty. Cleanse your face, then keep it hydrated. Cleanse, hydrate. If you have a good facial moisturiser it will be helping to strengthen the skin's barrier so that it can hold in moisture for longer, and it might contain some antioxidants for a bit of extra protection against things like pollution and UV rays. And if you really, really don't want to invest any more time, energy or mental space to your skincare routine then that is it. If you do, and you're fretting about wrinkles and fine lines and sun spots and other things that make you frown at the mirror when you look at it in the morning, I'll add one more thing to your list: try retinol. If all of the ingredient names flying about confuse you and send you scuttling back beneath the virtual online rock, just plump for this one. Plump is a choice word in this case, because retinol will - in a good product - help to firm, plumpen, smooth and even out skintone. It's wondrous stuff. So, my picks for those keep-it-simple people who also don't want to spend masses? I've listed some great affordable options below but I've also linked to various category pages with product reviews so that you can browse other price-points and product types. Enjoy - it could take you down a total wormhole!
 
cunningham.txt
Site migrations could include a domain migration, subdomain to subfolder, consolidation of a site, or changing URLs within a folder. Jono Anderson wrote a great article covering how a site migration could be a variety of site changes, and how the term is generally misunderstood. For the purpose of this article, let's consider a site migration to be any major change to your URL structure or page content. You have probably heard a lot about site migration checklists and redirect plans, and those are key to any migration. But, at the end of the day, you are changing something on your website in an attempt to meet your business goals, and that means you should be able to measure the impact. I use organic traffic and rankings as main KPIs for site migrations, but these may vary if there are other KPIs for your project. I am going to start with covering how to run a quick audit to understand your current website organic state. This will help you prioritize the SEO opportunities for your migration. Then, I will run through how to set up tracking to measure your organic KPIs post-launch. Any changes to a URL will potentially impact your rankings and should be considered when planning the sitemap and new pages. Site migrations of any kind should loop your SEO team in at the beginning so they can perform a full SEO audit. If you don't have an SEO team to help with the audit, don't worry, you can still perform a few quick analyses that will help with your site migration. Make sure you have access to Google Search Console, Google Analytics, and SEMrush before beginning. The goal of this audit will be to understand what pages are currently getting organic traffic and what keywords could be driving that traffic. Follow these steps, and you will have a full understanding of what pages are driving organic traffic and, in turn, should be prioritized during the migration. Inventory every page on your website with relevant data. Screaming Frog is my preferred way to do this. You can easily include Google Analytics and Google Search Console Data too, by using their API integration. If you don't have Screaming Frog, you can do this manually and use Index/Match or VLOOKUP to combine Google Analytics and Google Search Console landing page data. In the end, you should have a spreadsheet with every page and all relevant page metrics. Input your current domain into SEMrush's Organic Research tool. Export all keywords. If your keywords are over the limit to export, you can filter by rank, or request a custom export.
 
cyrus
As Tyler mentioned, we met when I was filming "Backyard Sessions" for the launch of Happy Hippie. And I got the privilege to shoot this incredible subject for Happy Hippies newest project #InstaPride that just launched yesterday as Tyler said (just gotta get the plug in there) and to now be standing here beside you tonight, this is so cosmic. Getting the Inspiration Award tonight is an honor that is unbelievable. Seriously, I didn't believe them when they told me because-to be honest-it seems just too easy. Seems like there is no way I have done nearly enough to be standing here on the receiving end of this honor. But I am thinking of tonight as not celebrating what we have already done, but what we are doing and going to do in the future! Tonight is not a finish line, but a starting point. I want to work every day to do something good for someone else or I will fee not only as if this honor has just been wasted, but my life and all the influence that comes with it. There are so many people around the world that deserve this recognition and have dedicated their lives to finding a cure for those living with HIV/AIDS and using their voices to speak out about the brutal and unfair condemnation and abominable stigma that comes with the disease. By receiving this award tonight, I promise to continue to fight along with such an industrious army for a cure to this epidemic. There have been too many families, partners, friends, and animals that have lost someone they cherish from this illness. Someone they want to say "I love you" to right now. So let's do that for them-on the count of three, let's say "We love you" to the men, women, and children throughout the world who have died or are currently fighting for their lives because of HIV/AIDS. One, two, three- It is so beautiful to hear you all say "I love you" to people who unfortunately-in many situations-don't hear it nearly enough. 1.6 million young people are homeless each year and 40% of homeless youth identify as LGBT. This community is disproportionately affected by this disease. Discrimination can lead to homelessness and once these young people are on the street, many young people find that exchanging sex for food, clothing, and shelter are their only chance of survival, putting them at a much greater risk of contracting HIV/AIDS. Inspiration is something that makes us feel or do something, especially something creative. amfAR and their amazing team of researchers have used their inventiveness and knowledge to help extend, improve, and save the lives of countless people around the world living with AIDS or vulnerable to the infection. amfAR has funded more than 3,300 grants to research teams worldwide, and in addition to research, amfAR leadership also advances public policy and has helped pass federal legislation to provide people living with HIV the access to care they need and protect their dignity and rights.
 
grossman
The Soell system was the site of a galactic disaster. The ancient Forerunners fought a long war against intelligent parasites called the Flood. As a last resort, the Forerunners built a ring-shaped superweapon orbiting the moon of Soell's largest planet. Triggering the weapon, the Halo Array, wiped out the Flood, the Forerunners and all other intelligent life in the galaxy. For millennia, the star Soell was forgotten - until humans found the Halo. The popular video game Halo and its fictional stars were Julian Alvarado Gomez's obsession 15 years ago. As a young man in Bogota, Colombia, he played Halo and its offshoots competitively. Today, at the Harvard-Smithsonian Center for Astrophysics in Cambridge, Mass., he's studying an actual star, Iota Horologii. His goal is to map the star's magnetic field over time along with its gusting stellar wind, the stream of energetic particles that defines a star's territory and batters its planets. This work will help him understand what our star was like in its youth and how it influenced the start of life on Earth. "One of the big difficulties we have in our understanding of the sun is that we only have one sun," says the 35-year-old astrophysicist. Getting to know another star that has a similar mass and temperature as the sun, referred to as a "sunlike" star, would shore up astronomers' grasp of the sun. And it would offer details on how sunlike stars may affect potential life on their orbiting planets. Alvarado Gomez's road to this stellar career was rocky. In 2003, he was about a third of the way through an undergraduate physics degree at the National University of Colombia in Bogota when financial trouble put his studies on hold. He filled his time with friends and Halo. "We were practicing a lot," he jokes. The game offered a solution to his money woes when he came in third place in a Halo tournament. His friend Julian Hernandez took first. The two caught the attention of Microsoft representatives looking for skilled players to help advertise the game by playing in public. From there, he and Hernandez earned a salary for playing at events, plus the occasional bonus for winning a tournament. It was fun, Alvarado Gomez says, and it paid the bills. After two years, he returned to school to study physics again. "That was a very hard semester," he says. After an early focus on the sun, he shifted toward the stars for his Ph.D. at the European Southern Observatory in Garching, Germany. That shift has brought Alvarado Gomez to some surprising differences between the sun and other sunlike stars. His research has also revealed how a star might protect its planets from its own energetic outbursts. Yet the work didn't take him as far from Soell as he'd thought. The best way to get to know a star is through its magnetic field, Alvarado Gomez says. The sun is the most familiar example: Our star's temperamental behavior and periodic mood swings are thought to exist thanks to changes in magnetism. Magnetic fields help heat the sun's wispy outer atmosphere, the corona, to millions of degrees Celsius. Those magnetic fields also help drive a stream of charged particles out into space (SN Online: 8/11/17). That solar wind blows a bubble that defines the boundary of the solar system (SN Online: 12/10/18). It can also batter unprotected planets; scientists think the solar wind stripped away much of Mars' atmosphere. When tangled magnetic field lines on the solar surface suddenly snap, powerful eruptions of plasma called coronal mass ejections break free (SN: 4/13/19, p. 15). When strong CMEs hit Earth, they can fry satellites, shut down power grids and damage living cells. The sun's magnetic activity waxes and wanes in about an 11-year cycle. The peak, or maximum, rages with sunspots, CMEs and bright radiation flashes called flares, while the minimum is relatively quiet.
 
hawking
A well-known scientist (some say it was Bertrand Russell) once gave a public lecture on astronomy. Hedescribed how the earth orbits around the sun and how the sun, in turn, orbits around the center of a vastcollection of stars called our galaxy. At the end of the lecture, a little old lady at the back of the room got up andsaid: "What you have told us is rubbish. The world is really a flat plate supported on the back of a gianttortoise." The scientist gave a superior smile before replying, "What is the tortoise standing on." "You're veryclever, young man, very clever," said the old lady. "But it's turtles all the way down!"Most people would find the picture of our universe as an infinite tower of tortoises rather ridiculous, but why dowe think we know better? What do we know about the universe, and how do we know it? Where did theuniverse come from, and where is it going? Did the universe have a beginning, and if so, what happened beforethen? What is the nature of time? Will it ever come to an end? Can we go back in time? Recent breakthroughsin physics, made possible in part by fantastic new technologies, suggest answers to some of theselongstanding questions. Someday these answers may seem as obvious to us as the earth orbiting the sun - orperhaps as ridiculous as a tower of tortoises. Only time (whatever that may be) will tell.As long ago as 340 BC the Greek philosopher Aristotle, in his book On the Heavens, was able to put forwardtwo good arguments for believing that the earth was a round sphere rather than a Hat plate. First, he realizedthat eclipses of the moon were caused by the earth coming between the sun and the moon. The earth'sshadow on the moon was always round, which would be true only if the earth was spherical. If the earth hadbeen a flat disk, the shadow would have been elongated and elliptical, unless the eclipse always occurred at atime when the sun was directly under the center of the disk. Second, the Greeks knew from their travels thatthe North Star appeared lower in the sky when viewed in the south than it did in more northerly regions. (Sincethe North Star lies over the North Pole, it appears to be directly above an observer at the North Pole, but tosomeone looking from the equator, it appears to lie just at the horizon. From the difference in the apparentposition of the North Star in Egypt and Greece, Aristotle even quoted an estimate that the distance around theearth was 400,000 stadia. It is not known exactly what length a stadium was, but it may have been about 200yards, which would make Aristotle's estimate about twice the currently accepted figure. The Greeks even had athird argument that the earth must be round, for why else does one first see the sails of a ship coming over thehorizon, and only later see the hull?Aristotle thought the earth was stationary and that the sun, the moon, the planets, and the stars moved incircular orbits about the earth. He believed this because he felt, for mystical reasons, that the earth was thecenter of the universe, and that circular motion was the most perfect. This idea was elaborated by Ptolemy inthe second century AD into a complete cosmological model. The earth stood at the center, surrounded by eightspheres that carried the moon, the sun, the stars, and the five planets known at the time, Mercury, Venus,Mars, Jupiter, and Saturn. The planets themselves moved on smaller circles attached to their respective spheres in order to account fortheir rather complicated observed paths in the sky. The outermost sphere carried the so-called fixed stars,which always stay in the same positions relative to each other but which rotate together across the sky. Whatlay beyond the last sphere was never made very clear, but it certainly was not part of mankind's observableuniverse.Ptolemy's model provided a reasonably accurate system for predicting the positions of heavenly bodies in thesky. But in order to predict these positions correctly, Ptolemy had to make an assumption that the moonfollowed a path that sometimes brought it twice as close to the earth as at other times. And that meant that themoon ought sometimes to appear twice as big as at other times! Ptolemy recognized this flaw, but neverthelesshis model was generally, although not universally, accepted. It was adopted by the Christian church as thepicture of the universe that was in accordance with Scripture, for it had the great advantage that it left lots ofroom outside the sphere of fixed stars for heaven and hell.A simpler model, however, was proposed in 1514 by a Polish priest, Nicholas Copernicus. (At first, perhaps forfear of being branded a heretic by his church, Copernicus circulated his model anonymously.) His idea was thatthe sun was stationary at the center and that the earth and the planets moved in circular orbits around the sun.Nearly a century passed before this idea was taken seriously.
 
kinsley
Hello girls and guys, welcome to an in-depth and practical machine learning course. The objective of this course is to give you a wholistic understanding of machine learning, covering theory, application, and inner workings of supervised, unsupervised, and deep learning algorithms. In this series, we'll be covering linear regression, K Nearest Neighbors, Support Vector Machines (SVM), flat clustering, hierarchical clustering, and neural networks. For each major algorithm that we cover, we will discuss the high level intuitions of the algorithms and how they are logically meant to work. Next, we'll apply the algorithms in code using real world data sets along with a module, such as with Scikit-Learn. Finally, we'll be diving into the inner workings of each of the algorithms by recreating them in code, from scratch, ourselves, including all of the math involved. This should give you a complete understanding of exactly how the algorithms work, how they can be tweaked, what advantages are, and what their disadvantages are. In order to follow along with the series, I suggest you have at the very least a basic understanding of Python. If you do not, I suggest you at least follow the Python 3 Basics tutorial until the module installation with pip tutorial. If you have a basic understanding of Python, and the willingness to learn/ask questions, you will be able to follow along here with no issues. Most of the machine learning algorithms are actually quite simple, since they need to be in order to scale to large datasets. Math involved is typically linear algebra, but I will do my best to still explain all of the math. If you are confused/lost/curious about anything, ask in the comments section on YouTube, the community here, or by emailing me. You will also need Scikit-Learn and Pandas installed, along with others that we'll grab along the way. Machine learning was defined in 1959 by Arthur Samuel as the "field of study that gives computers the ability to learn without being explicitly programmed." This means imbuing knowledge to machines without hard-coding it. From what I have personally found, people outside the programming community mainly believe machine intelligence is hard-coded, completely unaware of the reality of the field. One of the largest challenges I had with machine learning was the abundance of material on the learning part. You can find formulas, charts, equations, and a bunch of theory on the topic of machine learning, but very little on the actual "machine" part, where you actually program the machine and run the algorithms on real data. This is mainly due to the history. In the 50s, machines were quite weak, and in very little supply, which remained very much the case for half a century. Machine Learning was relegated to being mainly theoretical and rarely actually employed. The Support Vector Machine (SVM), for example, was created by Vladimir Vapnik in the Soviet Union in 1963, but largely went unnoticed until the 90s when Vapnik was scooped out the Soviet Union to the United States by Bell Labs. The neural network was conceived in the 1940's, but computers at the time were nowhere near powerful enough to run them well, and have not been until the relatively recent times.
 
musk
Well, I was born in South Africa, lived there until I was 17. Came to North America of my own accord, against my parent's wishes. And was in Canada for a few years. I started school there which is where I met my wife. Transferred down to the University of Pennsylvania and got a degree in physics, degree in business at Wharton. Came out to California with the intent of doing a PHD in the material science and physics with an eye towards using that as an energy storage unit for electric vehicles. I ended up deferring that graduate work to start a couple to start a couple of area companies, one of which people have heard about, such as Pay Pal. Pay Pal is the leading internet payment mechanism. It's probably like an American Express of the Twenty First Century. Yeah you can. It's hard to explain Pay Pal by analogy since it's really a new sort of entity. So, what that allows you to do is to send money to a business or person just by entering an email address. And the money easily transfers from your Pay Pal account to their Pay Pal account. If you have money in Pay Pal account, it will do an internal transfer, almost like a bank transfer. If you don't have money in your account, it'll draw from your credit card or draw from your real world bank. There were two other people involved but I was responsible for many of the core idea. I had just sold my first internet company which -- internet software primarily for media companies, allowing it to publish and manage contents on the web. I had also some special functionality. We also had map and directions functionality, yellow pages functionality, white pages. And it's -- you know, when you went to a web site -- a web site like a Knight Ridder newspaper web site or New York Times you wouldn't know you would actually be using our software, but not know -- you wouldn't that you were using our software, but you would be. So, any way, we sold that to Compaq for about 300 million dollars in cash in -- early in 99. And after I left the company and started what was originally called X.com which later became Pay Pal.
SpaceX is developing markets for taking satellites and people to orbit and beyond. So, we've finished development of and done a few test launches in our small rocket, which is the Falcon One, which you see part of over here.
And we have in development a big rocket which is the Falcon 9. And that's intended to service the space station, as well as deliver very large satellites to orbit. I wouldn't say -- I mean, I wouldn't say it's a personal interest of mine to go to Mars, but really my interest in going to Mars is from the standpoint of the extension of life beyond earth. To the best of my knowledge life exists only on earth. And this is the first time in the 4 billion year history of earth that it's possible to extend life to another planet. No, no, I think in the case of the sort of flippant remark by Hillary was -- it's sort of a noteworthy achievement to have climbed the highest mountain on earth and all that [unintelligible] in the same way people want to break records of various kinds around the world, sailing journeys and that sort of thing. But this is not in that category, this is really much thicker, deeper philosophical underpinings better financed to why I think it's important to extend life beyond earth. It goes to the nature of importance. How do you decide that one thing is important versus another. And the layers of history -- I guess a good way to distinguish whether something is important or not. If you look at the history of the earth upon a geological grand scale -- what are the really important milestones in the history of life itself. Forget about the parochial concerns of humanity.
Then you say, well, certainly there was the advent of single cell life, multi cellular life, plants versus animals --
 
obama
Beans. I was trying to explain to somebody as we were flying in, that's corn. That's beans. And they were very impressed at my agricultural knowledge. Please give it up for Amaury once again for that outstanding introduction. I have a bunch of good friends here today, including somebody who I served with, who is one of the finest senators in the country, and we're lucky to have him, your Senator, Dick Durbin is here. I also noticed, by the way, former Governor Edgar here, who I haven't seen in a long time, and somehow he has not aged and I have. And it's great to see you, Governor. I want to thank President Killeen and everybody at the U of I System for making it possible for me to be here today. And I am deeply honored at the Paul Douglas Award that is being given to me. He is somebody who set the path for so much outstanding public service here in Illinois. Now, I want to start by addressing the elephant in the room. I know people are still wondering why I didn't speak at the commencement. The student body president sent a very thoughtful invitation. The students made a spiffy video. And when I declined, I hear there was speculation that I was boycotting campus until Antonio's Pizza reopened. So I want to be clear. I did not take sides in that late-night food debate. The truth is, after eight years in the White House, I needed to spend some time one-on-one with Michelle if I wanted to stay married. And she says hello, by the way. I also wanted to spend some quality time with my daughters, who were suddenly young women on their way out the door. And I should add, by the way, now that I have a daughter in college, I can tell all the students here, your parents suffer. They cry privately. It is brutal. So please call. Send a text. We need to hear from you, just a little something. And truth was, I was also intent on following a wise American tradition. Of ex-presidents gracefully exiting the political stage, making room for new voices and new ideas. And we have our first president, George Washington, to thank for setting that example. After he led the colonies to victory as General Washington, there were no constraints on him really, he was practically a god to those who had followed him into battle. There was no Constitution, there were no democratic norms that guided what he should or could do. And he could have made himself all-powerful, he could have made himself potentially President for life. And instead he resigned as Commander-in-Chief and moved back to his country estate. Six years later, he was elected President. But after two terms, he resigned again, and rode off into the sunset. The point Washington made, the point that is essential to American democracy, is that in a government of and by and for the people, there should be no permanent ruling class. There are only citizens, who through their elected and temporary representatives, determine our course and determine our character. I'm here today because this is one of those pivotal moments when every one of us, as citizens of the United States, need to determine just who it is that we are, just what it is that we stand for. And as a fellow citizen, not as an ex-president, but as a fellow citizen, I am here to deliver a simple message, and that is that you need to vote because our democracy depends on it.
 
osama
In the Name of Allah, the Most Gracious, the Most Merciful, "Permission to fight (against disbelievers) is given to those (believers) who are fought against, because they have been wronged and surely, Allah is Able to give them (believers) victory" [Quran 22:39] "Those who believe, fight in the Cause of Allah, and those who disbelieve, fight in the cause of Taghut (anything worshipped other than Allah e.g. Satan). So fight you against the friends of Satan; ever feeble is indeed the plot of Satan."[Quran 4:76] Some American writers have published articles under the title 'On what basis are we fighting?' These articles have generated a number of responses, some of which adhered to the truth and were based on Islamic Law, and others which have not. Here we wanted to outline the truth - as an explanation and warning - hoping for Allah's reward, seeking success and support from Him. While seeking Allah's help, we form our reply based on two questions directed at the Americans: (Q1) Why are we fighting and opposing you? (Q2)What are we calling you to, and what do we want from you? As for the first question: Why are we fighting and opposing you? The answer is very simple: (1) Because you attacked us and continue to attack us. (a) You attacked us in Palestine: (i) Palestine, which has sunk under military occupation for more than 80 years. The British handed over Palestine, with your help and your support, to the Jews, who have occupied it for more than 50 years; years overflowing with oppression, tyranny, crimes, killing, expulsion, destruction and devastation. The creation and continuation of Israel is one of the greatest crimes, and you are the leaders of its criminals. And of course there is no need to explain and prove the degree of American support for Israel. The creation of Israel is a crime which must be erased. Each and every person whose hands have become polluted in the contribution towards this crime must pay its*price, and pay for it heavily. (ii) It brings us both laughter and tears to see that you have not yet tired of repeating your fabricated lies that the Jews have a historical right to Palestine, as it was promised to them in the Torah. Anyone who disputes with them on this alleged fact is accused of anti-semitism. This is one of the most fallacious, widely-circulated fabrications in history. The people of Palestine are pure Arabs and original Semites. It is the Muslims who are the inheritors of Moses (peace be upon him) and the inheritors of the real Torah that has not been changed. Muslims believe in all of the Prophets, including Abraham, Moses, Jesus and Muhammad, peace and blessings of Allah be upon them all. If the followers of Moses have been promised a right to Palestine in the Torah, then the Muslims are the most worthy nation of this. When the Muslims conquered Palestine and drove out the Romans, Palestine and Jerusalem returned to Islaam, the religion of all the Prophets peace be upon them. Therefore, the call to a historical right to Palestine cannot be raised against the Islamic Ummah that believes in all the Prophets of Allah (peace and blessings be upon them) - and we make no distinction between them. (iii) The blood pouring out of Palestine must be equally revenged. You must know that the Palestinians do not cry alone; their women are not widowed alone; their sons are not orphaned alone. (b) You attacked us in Somalia; you supported the Russian atrocities against us in Chechnya, the Indian oppression against us in Kashmir, and the Jewish aggression against us in Lebanon. (c) Under your supervision, consent and orders, the governments of our countries which act as your agents, attack us on a daily basis; (i) These governments prevent our people from establishing the Islamic Shariah, using violence and lies to do so. (ii) These governments give us a taste of humiliation, and places us in a large prison of fear and subdual. (iii) These governments steal our Ummah's wealth and sell them to you at a paltry price. (iv) These governments have surrendered to the Jews, and handed them most of Palestine, acknowledging the existence of their state over the dismembered limbs of their own people. (v) The removal of these governments is an obligation upon us, and a necessary step to free the Ummah, to make the Shariah the supreme law and to regain Palestine. And our fight against these governments is not separate from out fight against you. (d) You steal our wealth and oil at paltry prices because of you international influence and military threats. This theft is indeed the biggest theft ever witnessed by mankind in the history of the world. (e) Your forces occupy our countries; you spread your military bases throughout them; you corrupt our lands, and you besiege our sanctities, to protect the security of the Jews and to ensure the continuity of your pillage of our treasures. (f) You have starved the Muslims of Iraq, where children die every day. It is a wonder that more than 1.5 million Iraqi children have died as a result of your sanctions, and you did not show concern. Yet when 3000 of your people died, the entire world rises and has not yet sat down. (g) You have supported the Jews in their idea that Jerusalem is their eternal capital, and agreed to move your embassy there. With your help and under your protection, the Israelis are planning to destroy the Al-Aqsa mosque. Under the protection of your weapons, Sharon entered the Al-Aqsa mosque, to pollute it as a preparation to capture and destroy it.  
 
smith
Code schools went mainstream in 2014, and all signs point to a bright future. Here's why: Yes, I know. It's a little late for a retrospective of last year. However, with 2015 off to a fast and furious start and our full-time programs filled to the max, I've found myself completely consumed by the energy, excitement, and tremendous amount of stuff to get done at Code Fellows. Before we get even further into the (sort of) new year, I wanted to share some thoughts about where we've been, where we are, and where we're heading. It's exciting to see how far we've come so quickly, and even more humbling to realize that we're just getting started. Where we've been Before I get to some of the specific milestones we reached last year, I need to provide some historical context: As exciting as it's been to watch the current wave of code schools gain traction, let's remember that we're not the first to try to tackle a developer shortage through alternative education models. Back in 1997, when the first big tech boom of our generation was in full swing, tech startups were plagued by the same shortage of qualified developers that companies are experiencing today; numerous training programs sprang up to close the gap. Most of these schools aren't around anymore-they failed when the dot-com bubble burst. With scores of businesses shutting down, and investment dollars to start new ones slowing to a trickle, the need for new devs came to a virtual standstill. So why is it different this time around? Why do we expect Code Fellows to be around for the next 10, 20, 50 years? First, technology isn't just for tech companies anymore. It's transforming every industry: music, fashion, agriculture, education, retail, healthcare, you name it. Whether they want to be or not, almost every business today is in the technology business, and the sheer scale of the demand for qualified developers is only going to grow over the next decade. Second, it's not just startups and leading-edge companies investing in technology. Blue chip enterprises are scaling up both their internal and customer-facing platforms. The involvement and investment from such stable businesses ensure that demand will weather even the most bearish of market cycles. Just three years ago, the first immersive software development schools were getting started. Dev Bootcamp, generally considered the first bootcamp, launched in Feb. 2012, and other well-regarded schools got off the ground later the same year. Almost two years later, in Dec. 2013 there were 45 programs operating. The pace picked up considerably in 2014, and by the end of the year, according to industry news site Course Report (we have an industry news site!), the number had grown to 150 code schools operating in countries all over the world. In addition to the tremendous growth, 2014 was clearly a breakthrough year for our young industry in other ways: The Obama administration embraced code schools and hosted a White House round table to share ideas for growth and access. The administration backed up its support by creating a $10 million pilot fund to pay for veterans to attend a code school. Code.org, which started in 2013, helped bring the conversation about learning to code to a mainstream audience in 2014. Millions of students participated in the Hour of Code, and even the President tried his hand at writing a line of JavaScript. Code schools became attractive businesses, and began attracting venture capital. Established education companies began acquiring code schools for real money, validating the immersive learning model and providing resources for growth. At Code Fellows, we also hit our stride last year. We grew and matured in ways that set us up to help even more students improve their lives and to help employers fill their talent needs:
 
thunberg
I have some good news and some bad news regarding the climate emergency. I will start with the good news.
The world, as a small number of people have been saying lately, will not end in 11 years.
The bad news however is that around the year 2030, if we continue with business as usual, we will likely be in a position where we may pass a number of tipping points. And then we might no longer be able to undo the irreversible climate breakdown.
A lot of people, a lot of politicians, business leaders, journalists say they don't agree with what we are saying. They say we children are exaggerating, that we are alarmists. To answer this I would like to refer to page 108, chapter 2 in the latest IPCC report. There you will find all our "opinions" summarized, because there you find a remaining carbon dioxide budget. Right there it says that if we are to have a sixtyseven percent chance of limiting the global temperature rise to below 1.5 degrees, we had on January 1st 2018, 420 gigatons of carbon dioxide left in our CO2 budget. And of course that number is much lower today. We emit about 42 gigatons of CO2 every year.
At current emissions levels, that remaining budget is gone within roughly eight and a half years. These numbers are as real as it gets, though a great number of scientists suggests that they are too generous, these are the ones that have been accepted by all nations through the IPCC.
And not once, not one single time have I heard any politician, journalists or business leader even mention these numbers. It is almost like you don't even know they exist, as if you haven't even read the latest IPCC reports on which the future of our civilization is depending.
Or maybe you are simply not mature enough to tell it like it is. Because even that burden you leave to us children. We become the bad guys who have to tell people these uncomfortable things, because no one else wants to or dares to. And just for quoting and acting on these numbers, these scientific facts, we receive unimaginable amounts of hate and threats. We are being mocked and lied about by elected officials, members of Parliament's, business leaders, journalists. What I really would like to ask all of those who question our so-called "opinions" or think that we are extreme: - Do you have a different budget for at least a reasonable chance of staying below the 1.5 degrees of warming limit? Is there another intergovernmental panel on climate change? Is there a secret Paris agreement that we don't know about? One that not declude the aspect of equity? Because these are the numbers that counts, this is the current best available science. You can't simply make up your own facts just because you don't like what you hear.
There is no middle ground when it comes to the climate and ecological emergency. Of course you could argue that we should go for a more risky pathway, such as the alternative of 580 gigatons of CO2 from january 1st 2018, which gives us a 50/50 percent chance of limiting the global temperature rise to below 1.5 degrees. That amount of carbon dioxide will run out in about 12 years of current business as usual. But why should we do that, why should we accept taking that risk, leaving the future living conditions for humankind to a 50/50 flip of a coin. 420 gigatons left of CO2 to emit. And now that number is down to less than 360 gigatons. And please note that these figures are global and therefore do not say anything about the aspect of equity, clearly stated throughout the Paris agreement, which is absolutely necessary to make it work on a global scale. That means that richer countries need to get down to zero emissions faster, so the people in poorer parts of the world can heighten their standard of living by building some of the infrastructure that we have already built, such as roads, hospitals, electricity, schools and providing clean drinking water.
 
 

